---
Week 36
=============

# Goal of the week

1. Group have been formed
2. Have the raspberry up and running (and accessible)
3. Have the raspberry control LED(s)

# Weekly fix points

* Monday:
  * 10:00 MON (B1.09) Project management 101 - [slides](https://github.com/EAL-IT-Technology/ITT1-intro-robot-project/blob/master/slides/ITT1%20intro%20project%20management.pdf)
  * 10:00 RUTR (A1.18) Introduction to electronic lab and components.
* Tuesday:
  * 10:00 MON (B1.09)  Block diagrams and information flow diagrams - [slides](https://github.com/EAL-IT-Technology/ITT1-intro-robot-project/blob/master/slides/ITT1%20intro%20communication%20systems.pdf) and [more slides](https://github.com/EAL-IT-Technology/ITT1-intro-robot-project/blob/master/slides/ITT1%20intro%20knowing%20and%20doing.pdf)
  * 10:00 RUTR (A1.18) Have the raspberry control LED(s)

# Deliverable
* RPI up and running remotely and the LEDs will be blinking.
* All groups have met us and talked to us.


# Comments
* You will form groups of 3 persons.
*  You are a lot of students and you have a lot of ground to cover, so we have some baseline rules:
  * help each other in the group
  * help each other across groups
  * send one representative to the talks
  * divide the work amount you in the group, and do knowledge sharing.
    * yes, that includes taking notes at talks, and taking time to explain the stuff to your group mates.
  * we suggest that you always ask someone from another group before asking the teachers – and then bring that other person with you when asking us. This helps us get a more true impression of the class's level and what we should go through on class.
* We often see students “hiding” in groups, and piggybacking without contributing. This is not helping the group and this is not helping the individual. Please don't allow that, and come talk to us, if you have issues with your  team work.
* The wireless network to connect to is “OpenWrt” (in B1.09) and "OpenWrt_B" (B1.08) and the pre-shared key is “ITT1Raspberry”
