---
Week 37
=============

# Goal of the week

1. Group have been formed
2. Have the raspberry up and running (and accessible)
3. Create a motor driver board soldered and tested
4. Have the raspberry control a LED and a motor

# Weekly fix points

* Monday: 
  * 10:00 MON (B1.09) Self management and project management
  * 10:00 RUST (A1.18) Introduction to electronic lab and LEDs
* Tuesday:
  * 10:00 MON (B1.09)  Block diagrams and information flow diagrams
  * 10:00 RUTR (A1.18) Raspberry pi motor driver board
* Wednesday:
  * Hand-in of status image on fronter. See template also on fronter


# Comments
* The teachers will divide you into groups of approximately 4 persons.
*  You are a lot of students and you have a lot of ground to cover, so we have some baseline rules:
  ◦ help each other in the group
  ◦ help each other across groups
  ◦ send one (at most two) representative to the talks
  ◦ divide the work amount you in the group, and do knowledge sharing.
    * yes, that includes taking notes at talks, and taking time to explain the stuff to your group mates.
  ◦ we suggest that you always ask someone from another group before asking the teachers – and then bring that other person with you when asking us. This helps us get a more true impression of the class's level and what we should go through on class.
* We often see students “hiding” in groups, and piggybacking without contributing. This is not helping the group and this is not helping the individual. Please don't allow that, and come talk to us, if you have issues with your  team work.
* The wireless network to connect to is “OpenWrt” and the pre-shared key is “ITT1Raspberry”


